Anberports was created by a third party developer, and has not been maintained in a few months. Before the project stopped updating, the creator had started working on compatibility with 351ELEC, but that project was never finished, and only a few ports ever had full compatibility.

Beyond that, 351ELEC has changed since the last Anberports update, so the majority of ports in Anberports don't function correctly in 351ELEC. With work, you can go through and alter the scripts and package missing libraries to get most of the ports to function, but this isn't a project that anyone working on 351ELEC has undertaken or has full knowledge of how to do.

Feel free to visit us on the Community Discord (https://discord.gg/bmXtCt88Tz) and ask for help getting them working in the Ports channel. Just please don't expect anyone to have the answers on how to fix any specific port. The 351ELEC team doesn't officially support Anberports, and for the most part we don't know how to fix it.

All that said, if you want to tinker with Anberports to see if you can get it working, feel free to download it from the [Anberports Download Page](https://github.com/sponsors/krishenriksen) and play around. Because of 351ELEC's read only filesystem, Anberports can't do anything to break your install, so you can tinker without worry. And if you'd like to contribute the results of your tinkering as a [351ELEC Package](Contributing-to-351ELEC#contributing-community-built-packages), even better! Good luck and have fun :)